Fix JSON bitwidths by avoiding rounding (#1061)
mit-plv/fiat-crypto: fiat-json/src/README.md

- `bound`, either `null` or a `number` or a list of `bound`s

- `parameters`, a comma-separated list of key-value pairs separated by
  `:`, where the keys are quoted string literals and the values are

>   either quoted string literals or `number`

Reviewer: This is not particularly important, but it seems odd to me to explain it in this level of detail, because the syntax is standard JSON object syntax.

So you could say "a JSON object with `string` keys and `string | number` values".

Author: ```suggestion
- `parameters`, a JSON object with `string` keys and `string | number` values
```

Let us define one more type.  The recursive type of expressions
(corresponding to lines of code or expressions) `expr` has the format:

```json
{
"datatype"  : datatype,
"name"      : [name],
"operation" : operation,

> "parameters": { parameters }

Author: ```suggestion
"parameters": parameters
```

- whose arguments are the in the arguments field, which may be either
  subexpressions or variable names

The suffixed `mulx_*`/`addcarryx_*`/`subborrowx_*` are used when the
index of the carry location is not a natural machine bitwidth (natural
bitwidths are powers of 2).  When the carry location is a natural
machine bitwidth, the unsuffixed versions are used, and the size shows

> up in the datatype field.

Reviewer: Why did you decide to encode this information in a string vs an additional field? I'm not necessarily saying this is bad I'm just wondering about your thought process.

```json
      {
        "datatype": "(auto)",
        "name": ["x1", "x2"],
        "operation": "subborrowx",
        "operation_size": 51,
        "arguments": ["0x0", "arg1[0]", "0x7ffffffffffed"]
      },
```

Maybe if you wanted this to be potentially more flexible in future you'd nest it in a generic "parameters" field.

```json
      {
        "datatype": "(auto)",
        "name": ["x1", "x2"],
        "operation": "subborrowx",
        "parameters": {"size": 51},
        "arguments": ["0x0", "arg1[0]", "0x7ffffffffffed"]
      },
```

Author: I was trying to minimize the change to the spec, but this is a good point, I guess I can add a `"parameters"` field.

Reviewer: Completely your call. Seemed like a reasonable suggestion but I don't have all the information like you and @dderjoel do. Can we think of any other fields that might belong under `parameters`, or is this an over-generalization?

Author: Updated

Reviewer 2: seems sensible to me so far.

would correspond to
```json
{
"datatype": "(auto)",
"name": ["x180", "x181"],
"operation": "subborrowx",
"parameters": {"size": 64},
"arguments": ["x179", "x171", "0xffffffff00000001"]
}
```
also, we can infer from `subborrowx` which arguments have which meaning

> and which varibable in `"name"` contains the carry out.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and which variable in `"name"` contains the carry out.
```
